GH-34852: [C++][Go][Java][FlightRPC] Add support for ordered data (#35178)
apache/arrow: docs/source/format/Flight.rst

   An endpoint contains a list of locations (server addresses) where
   this data can be retrieved from, and a ``Ticket``, an opaque binary
   token that the server will use to identify the data being
   requested. If ``FlightInfo.ordered`` is set, returned endpoints are
   in the same order as the data. The client can read ordered data by
   reading data from returned endpoints in order from front to
   back. Note that a client may ignore ``FlightInfo.ordered``. If an
   ordering is important and the client may ignore
   ``FlightInfo.ordered``, applications should return data in a single

>    endpoint.

Reviewer: Maybe to be clear, leave in an "Otherwise, there is no ordering defined on endpoints or the data within"?

Author: OK!

   An endpoint contains a list of locations (server addresses) where
   this data can be retrieved from, and a ``Ticket``, an opaque binary
   token that the server will use to identify the data being

>    requested. If ``FlightInfo.ordered`` is set, returned endpoints are
>    in the same order as the data. Otherwise, there is no ordering
>    defined on endpoints or the data within. The client can read
>    ordered data by reading data from returned endpoints in order from
>    front to back. Note that a client may ignore
>    ``FlightInfo.ordered``. If an ordering is important and the client
>    may ignore ``FlightInfo.ordered``, applications should return data
>    in a single endpoint.

Reviewer 2: Here is some suggested updates to this wording based on the mailing list discussion https://lists.apache.org/thread/0q1s84p17rtdz3q81wvylckob1hsx83z

I am not sure this is correct but I tried to encode my understanding

```suggestion
   requested. 
   
   If ``FlightInfo.ordered`` is true, this signals there is some
   order between data from different endpoints. 
   Clients should produce the same results as if the data returned 
   from each of the endpoints was concatenated, in order, from front to back. 
   If ``FlightInfo.ordered`` is not set, the client may return data  from from any 
   of the endpoints in arbitrary order. Data from any specific endpoint
   must be returned in order, but the data from different endpoints may be 
   interleaved to allow parallel fetches.  
   Note that since some clients may ignore ``FlightInfo.ordered``,
   if ordering is important and client support can not be ensured, 
   servers should return a single endpoint.
```

Author: Thanks!!!

> data  from from

Is this a typo of `data from`?

@lidavidm Could you also review this suggestion?

Reviewer: Thanks for the suggestion - the new wording sounds good to me (Kou already pointed out the typo)

Reviewer 2: Updated wording:

```suggestion
   requested. 
   
   If ``FlightInfo.ordered`` is true, this signals there is some
   order between data from different endpoints. 
   Clients should produce the same results as if the data returned 
   from each of the endpoints was concatenated, in order, from front to back. 
   If ``FlightInfo.ordered`` is not set, the client may return data  from any 
   of the endpoints in arbitrary order. Data from any specific endpoint
   must be returned in order, but the data from different endpoints may be 
   interleaved to allow parallel fetches.  
   Note that since some clients may ignore ``FlightInfo.ordered``,
   if ordering is important and client support can not be ensured, 
   servers should return a single endpoint.
```

Author: Thanks! Applied!

   The client must consume all endpoints to retrieve the complete data
   set. The client can consume endpoints in any order, or even in
   parallel, or distribute the endpoints among multiple machines for
   consumption; this is up to the application to implement. The client
   can also use ``FlightInfo.ordered``. See the previous item for

>    details of ``FlightInfo.ordered``.

Author: I forgot to update this sentence...
If anyone has a suggestion for wording, please share it.
